Today's quoting interview question is asked by Google and many other big tech companies, and this question
is called Implement You using stacks.
So let's get right to it.
To solve this problem, we need to implement a curfew using sex.
So let's first go over what are the functions of.
So what push is where we push the element to the back of the queue so far for pushing one and then we're
pushing to.
And the peak would get the front element.
So what I would get is one, because first he pushed one.
So what people do is get the front element, which will get one.
And then we have Paul right here.
And that removes the element in the front of the queue.
So after you move it, we will get the one because one is in the front.
So once you pop, it removes one and it shows us that we have removed one.
And then we have empty, so that returns whether the queue is empty.
So want to be a pop, right?
We still have to meet the cute, so cute dog empty the false because we still have to.
And there so it is not empty.
That's why it's going to return false.
All right.
So let's quickly go or the difference between a stack of Q So A stack is usually referred to as last
in first.
So let's say we have a stack of dishes, right?
So we put the first dish right here, second dish, the third dish.
So these are like plates first, second later.
It's a stack.
So we usually go out first.
Laughter First.
So this was put in last.
So, of course, we're going to remove from the top, not from the bottom.
Right.
So we can move the first one.
And then remove the second one.
And then.
Third one.
And then the queue is the opposite.
So it's first and first, so let's say we have a people in the line.
So this person.
Was first in the line.
And then this one.
Was second in the line and then this one was third in the line.
So first and foremost, this person was first.
So, of course, the first question on the line will be out first, then the second.
And.
So let me show you one more example.
So in the stack, we had one and then two and then three.
So which one of your first last in, first out?
This was last seen number three when we got our first.
And then the second and then the first, and then the two is opposite.
So first in.
First out.
So let's add this one here, one, two and three.
So who will be our first one will be our first.
And then the second.
And then the third.
So how can you make a stack behave like a cube, because, remember, Stack is last in, first out,
but it was first in, first out.
So what we can do with this add elements one to three.
So the stack last in, first out.
So this was last.
So this will be deleted first.
This this element do to move first, but in a cube.
First in, first out.
So this was first.
So this element should be removed.
So how can you make the stack?
So what we can do is we can create two stacks.
OK, this is step one.
And this is step two, so whenever we want to delete or stack first, we're going to check two.
Is there any element here?
There is time.
So what we can do is we can pull all of these elements into step two.
So first, it's going to involve three, then two and then one.
So we have flipped over elements.
So now, if you want to believe we're going to delete the last one to last in, first out.
So this is the last one.
So we're going to delete this one.
And then this one right here.
So you can see that now the stock is actually acting like a cute.
Because we have flipped over elements using two stacks, so now if you want to add where are you going?
You're going to add right here for you want to add in the first thing and then you want to add another
element.
So five.
OK, so this is for adding the stack.
One is for adding and the stack two is for deleting.
So now I want to delete from the stack.
So first I'm going to look at is there an element there?
Yes, there is.
So far you're going to delete this one.
Now, again, I want to do.
So is there any elements here that there's not so far you want to pull all of the elements to a stack
to to this one?
The first one.
Then the second one.
And then we're going to do the we're going to remove the.
First element.
And then the.
All right, guys, so here we have the function called MICU, and it takes elements like I showed you
on the whiteboard.
So what we need to do is we need to implement a cube using stacks.
So we need to stack to behave like a cute.
So how we do that is we're going to create two stacks.
So what we need to do is we need to implement the functions like push pushes an element X to the back
of the cube.
Pop removes the element from the front from in the front of the cube and pick it just shows you the
front element.
So it gets to the front element and empty.
It tells you.
Whether the queue is empty or not, so terms whether the queue is empty or not, so the first function
we have is where we go to instantiate our stacks.
So first we're going to have the push stack.
Remember, the push is for adding, then we're going to have the pork stack.
So we create a pop stack and that is for deleting.
So in the push stack, we always add the elements.
And if you want to delete any elements, we're going to add it into the box and then delete like I showed
on the whiteboard.
So first letter that we're going to implement for the queue is push.
So all we need to do to remember, we just we need to push all elements to the push.
So we're going to do that right here, this push back the push and we're going to push whatever element
is given to us.
So we're going to only push into the push stack and then we have the pork stack.
So we have the function.
So here is a little bit tricky.
So first, we need to check if the pop stack is empty, because when you're putting your movement element
from the stack, so the first thing we need to do is.
Is check if the box is empty or not in the past is the box deck is not empty.
That means there is that element in the public.
So we have to first remove that element before we add anything into the stack.
So first, we're going to check if the plastic is empty, then what we want to do is we want to take
everything from the from the push stack and put it into the box so you can delete it.
So what we're going to do is we can have a while loop, which is going to check while this push stack
is not empty, not empty, because we have the information here.
So it's not empty.
So while the push is not an epidemic, there are elements that you can move from the push tech into
the public sector.
So what we're gonna do is we're going to start pushing into the pop stack, all of the elements from
the push stack.
So we're going to take the elements from the push stack by popping it up.
So pumping it out pretty much means we're getting the element for the push back the first element and
also returning it so that we return it.
We're pushing it into the top stack.
So, again, if there's another element, that means that plastic is not empty yet.
Right.
I'm sorry.
The push back is not empty yet.
So the loop will continue while the push deck is not empty.
So, again, we're going to come back here and we're going to.
Pop the element from the hashtag and put it into the plastic until all elements from the push take part
in the pop stick and then remember they can only delete from the pop stick.
So once all the elements are in the pop set, we're going to start pop star pop, meaning we're going
to delete the first element from the pop star.
All right.
So the next function is peak.
So Peake is very similar.
Took part because it has the same logic.
So what we're gonna do is we're going to find.
The element.
That we could delete, right, so we're not actually going to delete them.
We just want to see what is the first element that we're going to pop that we're going to delete.
We just want to see it.
So we're going to go through the same logic again.
And in the end, instead of popping, what we're doing is picking, so we just pick let we just get
to see the element that we that is on the top that we read that we could delete.
So all we do is just pick.
We just get to see it.
So that's what it's going to return is the element that's on the top.
OK, and then the last function is empty.
So if you remember.
We have two stacks.
The push back and the pop stick, both of them could have elements in the.
Right, so the only way that the two.
Could be empty.
Is it both stacks are empty.
So we're going to do is return this thought pushed back, not empty.
And.
Those pumps are empty, if both are empty, that means this condition will return true, if one of the
steps is not empty, we return a false and we're just returning false.
And that's that's pretty much it, that's how we can implement a coup using tax.